Our Story
Ambush restaurants are the realisation of one man’s dream to combine the European passion for food with the Singaporean passion for good company, convivial mealtimes, and sociable settings.

Join us at one of our convenient locations to experience the best in pan-European cuisine from our extensive menus.

Here, you’ll find not only affordable, casual dining in relaxed surroundings, but also one of the warmest welcomes in Singapore – guaranteed to make you, your friends and your family return time and time again.

The best casual European restaurant in Singapore!

Our restaurants
Whether you have an important family celebration to plan, are organising a casual date, or just need a quick re-fueling stop in a comfortable, informal setting before you continue with your busy day – one of Ambush’s casual European eateries is waiting to welcome you!

Whatever your dining event, we pride ourselves on turning it into a good fun, great value experience. Our authentic but affordable pan-European menus are sure to have something to please everyone, while our modern, vibrant environments leave all our guests feeling comfortable and relaxed.

We’ve been serving great food to Singapore since 2005. So what are you waiting for? Visit one of our conveniently-located restaurants today!

Pastas , Western Dining , Paella

Ambush was founded by Stanley Ng, who was first introduced to authentic European food in Luzerne, Switzerland. The wonderful experience gained from eating in restaurants and cafes was the beginning of his vision to introduce a new venture of European cuisine to Singapore. What started as a interim food kiosk in 2002 became 3 kiosk in 2003, which eventually gave rise to a union of the stores across Singapore in 2005 creating a small yet superbly formed eatery, Ambush. The path to creating a Singapore-wide chain of affordable, high quality and informal European restaurants was paved. 

Ambush offers a weekday lunch set menu and a usual ala carte menu, as well as a brunch selection on the weekends. From salads to tapas and Spanish paellas, be spoilt for choice when you dine at Ambush where you can have a taste of authentic European cuisine without stepping a foot out of Singapore. The Pear and Peach Salad is a chef recommended dish with walnuts, spinach, tomatoes, onion and balsamic oil that makes a tasty yet well-balanced meal. Be sure to give their seafood paella a try, with risotto, shrimps, pancetta, parmigiano, edamame and red pepper coulis, it is guaranteed to tantalize your taste buds. 

Visit any Ambush outlet in Singapore for a selection of excellent European dishes in a modern and friendly setting today!

